welcome ladies and gentlemen to the second
video of today this is my road to
arsenal series nothing has changed since
last episode of sentence I have not
a new player in the meantime
bought but we start right away with it
first game with that and starts one
bit must be in some places
but the lestienne sitting in front of him on the left
though 80 you fitness of course not really
nie nie you but I do not much
choice and finance
Anyway I will play the game first
in the seasons you will know when it
in rottum it became natural and me
gotta be in the dude in parisian but
the logo and his team is also reasonable
beast it is almost a full lie
you see, Vincent Kompany also
very good player is just in it
but you start pretty easily here
get listener for arrange add the
game played for 15 minutes
paul come to bender a gang state
completely free can therefore head in freely
and that's how he makes it huge this is mine
favorite celebration it's just the
dead fish is two point zero celebration
just keep busy x in color
she started but the fine coupon I stand
unicorn anyway it is just this
exactly what i needed
but here he has the ball the bait
just're sitting still gives good death
before he forgot that is then free and
For a long time he offered himself ballarin and
he makes it one of great action
him good attack too, pretty clever that
before anyone out anyway
white pepper that bloke is 160 or so
but well he does it and made it
a one of nothing to say about push
just well done of him and try
to win this competition because I have now
all your stress and the instrument plays
in the lost
so I have to start a bit of growth
makes me here so he continues with green
at the start of the second half one
absolute world code i will be tomorrow
freckle complain long shot or anything
in that direction
but this is an absolute beauty this nothing
about to say beautiful from then with
someone from someone with very good ones
long shots I know that
you can get very good for that
and yes fantastic or nothing to
say fine goal of m he is again
for that is always a shame now so you get
a penalty for this how then how the fuck
is busy and pebble that lays with bad note
how good he gets one can do it
take more but no food with a lot
I never had why he really gives that
speed up here
but he never shoots him again
touches and some ball does not enter and
He bounces back like you
what is missing on purpose, you know that there is something
goes wrong and here you get too much
living and way too much space with nicolas
inside the ship inside again the pole and such
twisted 87 sent it on equal
height
very deserves in my opinion because
anyway i'm gonna be nice anyway
good chance of that
and if you change such a penalty and
express less bad play
drug fagron a new drawn
all the way around I score
the winning goal in the 90th minute with
courrier
your god in your greenhouse and never on the other
must pronounce the argentines
in the middle right the address for stands bar
little choice sticking together is bad
but he scores the three two and so
I find my first match in
seasons
everything along first really serious let's go
you naturally like what you really like
but with someone gay the way I start
said so i need him new players
and i can't pay too much i have to
of course a bit of longwear players
to target
we do what I just cheaper and
the only mistake I make is completely
to the left of your screen you see an object
seventh are also with 13 contracts on it
and can now cost less at a 200 cost
wonder you know i'll take it then it is
but very few coaches on which you put it
actually about good oxlade-chamberlain
I bought new and that is mainly about
that knife is actually not like that at all
good
stronger with her you too bad
really the worst player is used
it maybe i should just keep going
also put your email address and that career
here the laundry that did not fit us completely
more an inch with which that one
good connection after all
so injured you know what I thought
do it a little bit differently
and this pack of dude has a village like it
logo and the team
yes this is getting heavy that the feels it too
all of you just know this is coming
and you are not going to do a single kut thing and
I can really need it because me
I have nothing to say framing sometimes until
incorporating this for example this this start
here it all starts how then you know
the ride that blocks the fabianski ball
ball and he just comes back
you should almost insane it from here
maybe those with good ravens
keeper yes this is a bit strange
psychological or silent and claw angle
certainly not understand but not there
wrong in this is no complaining
this is just because I have observed
it's so annoying
I mean what's bounce who's already over the
place it's not nice it's really not
I would also like to blast 'sikorski on here
great deal the roads I have
Well covered now and this is good for it
that you do not miss anything commands this
comprima finished from him but hereafter
is really going to break hell and then I have
it really about hell because look here it is
start of the second half and he goes
win within my child arian
I take the ball I work and goalkeeper away
and clash against each other
keeper saves and then there is another good one
band everywhere there is someone in this jar
it's unbelievable
during the break he had six big triplets
I do five lap but the new goal
I fear you for everything
is this is so kind it happens
so every time seven and I do n't go anymore
stop 240 for I believe or so and it
is pretty weird but this for example
you also know how then
so for them that of course perfect
and everywhere about clumsy flickr
flickr bye bye and until it's the game
This is also who again because every time
I winter Fabianski not the best keeper
your taste that is pure nonsense
this is nonsense this nico vermeer or
or mulder or title still had
how again someone 5 and behind this
time and you feel it just now
depend on you just know from that
indicates weeks is not empty
and here if yes 600 non swb band
but again a good tire
roberto firmino market is 6 one from me
for you what 's really going the way
which is just very annoying and all that
losers with 6 one
the build i reasonable of the fun it is
again such a pussy at least that was
normally been much better
sir case thank you so much for it
I hope you like this series
like it and that is the reason
why started and why taken by
go because I know that as I
actually have a good team then go
I was winning my matches
exhalations we put now it becomes
just a feeling difficult and that will be
then bite through
sir case drop and like this video that
would help my girl state a link
top right in shape and color I have to
previously promoted look that too
especially cleansed and follow me
twitter edgar wright yes d and then i see
you later
bye